hello everyone welcome to another
surgical or gap is all this time I'm
going to be the one doing the attack and
this is going to be on a modification of
a known internet-based called the
general so you probably know the base it
looks a bit different on this one on the
original general base there are tests
are here in closed compartment somebody
like that but this one is totally
different and the major part that is
different is that in the original base
their bombs over here and over here and
another to here which makes it way
easier to get with hogs because you can
count with your hugs from this direction
and those buns are not gonna work first
of all they're gonna detonate the bombs
over here when they get to the Swiss
star and sing goes from the other side
so i have videos on the website in the
bass beat section showing how to beat
this original base but this one is way
different because the bombs are located
in this area and in this area so if i
want to use a hug attack let's say a i
got the kill squad got the Queen and now
we want to use the hugs so the best the
best location for the kill spot is gonna
be of course from here I won't need the
Jonesville I can break through the wall
with free world records that that's
exactly what I'm taking so I'm gonna use
another goal and in the clan castle over
here I'm gonna drop two golems over here
some Wizards one over here and one over
here and another two on this one I'm
gonna leave those three buildings for
the Queen and the king and basically the
queen is in this outer compartment she's
gonna go for my king and or by Golan
doesn't really matter and he's gonna
kill here including the clan castle
troops which I'm gonna drop a poison
spells over here so that's not the main
thing about this attack this is gonna
work very well it's it's very easy on
this base special with this Queen
location but the problem starts with the
hug so let's say I want I want to use
the hug from here so their paths are
gonna be this one I'll make it very very
slow that same wrapping Hawks on this
one
as well so this is going to be pretty
much their path and after that you'll
notice that those hogs and the ones that
are coming from here are gonna trip into
those double gin bumps and blow up
together those bombs are gonna work if I
release the hugs from that direction
same goes from the right side if I'm
going to release the hogs from this
direction and from this direction this
is going to be their path from this air
defense to the expo it's not a big deal
but the ones that are going to go and
those are going to be probably many hugs
I'm releasing them even in surgical way
they're going to be enough hugs that are
gonna go right here and trip on those
bumps and blow up and die and the whole
attack is going to be messed up with so
many hogs dying so what I decided doing
is using those bound locations to my
advantage they're located over here and
if i'm going to count from this
direction and this direction those bombs
are not going to be most likely i mean
it can happen in some occasions that
they're going to blow up together but in
most cases they're not gonna work from
this direction and only one will blow up
so if i use my heels falls over here and
over here it's gonna be really good and
most of the hoax if not all of them are
going to survive so varied heal spell is
gonna go here because of those xbox and
and because i want to heal those hogs
that step on those bumps and the last
hill will be somewhere here because this
is the last area that's left so let's
see that deck starting with the two
olam's wizards are dropped and notice
one small things over here i drop that
wizard and Iraq it actually shields for
the wall breakers if I wouldn't rub that
wizard and right away drug those wall
breakers that arch tower right here is
again a shoot directly at those wall
breakers and gonna kill them so this
wizard actually saves the wall breaker
so this is a report
the part of this one and you get a
notice those things you gotta know this
where you're dropping your wall breakers
so they won't feel breaking the world
one of the most most common mistakes
that people are doing is failing with
the wall breakers and this can actually
cause you the 3-star if you can be the
difference between a three star and a
two star so make sure you pay attention
to your world records path where you
release them and of course the timing
make sure something is shielding make
sure that they're not going into splash
damage fire for example mortars and
waste hours so you gotta make sure that
all of that is okay before you get them
in and this is the way to get three
starts doing the right things in the
right base so notice that on the right
most of the whole kit didn't survive
it's it's really rare that such case
happens from such a direction but as you
can see it does happen and my hawks
don't survive but I still have enough
folks to get all of those defenses down
Queen is still alive and she's gonna
help a bit with the cleaning especially
in the tunnel area and that those last
faltering I get the last defense now and
basically all the cleaning is left now
so we're going to make it faster so you
can see it's a three star hope you liked
it if you did like subscribe and comment
of course I appreciate you guys for
liking and subscribing on my channel and
very guys got following me since I
started the channel I'm always getting
those comments and following you since
you have 3,000 subscribers or 500
subscribers or stuff like that so I
really appreciate you guys and that's it
we'll see each other in the next video
bye bye